chore(web-modeler): first iteration of Web Modeler troubleshooting guide (#2261)
camunda/camunda-platform-docs: docs/self-managed/modeler/web-modeler/troubleshooting/troubleshoot-database-connection.md

---
id: troubleshoot-database-connection
title: "Troubleshoot Database Connection Issues"
sidebar_label: "Database Connection"
---

:::note
Web Modeler Self-Managed is available to [enterprise customers](../../../../reference/licenses.md#web-modeler) only.
:::

You try to start Web Modeler, and encounter issues with the database connection.

## Secure connection to standard PostgreSQL

Refer to the [database configuration guide](../configuration/database.md#configuring-ssl-for-the-database-connection)
for details on how to configure a secure connection to PostgreSQL.

## Secure connection to Amazon Aurora fails

You configured a custom SSL certificate in your remote Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL instance and want Web Modeler to accept
that certificate.

### Solution: Add Amazon Aurora CA to trust store

By default, the Java version used by `modeler-restapi` ships with the Amazon Aurora CA.
If you passed a custom trust store to `modeler-restapi`'s JVM process (e.g. via `JAVA_TOOL_OPTIONS` as described in

> [the Zeebe connection troubleshooting guide](./troubleshoot-zeebe-connection.md#how-can-i-provide-a-custom-zeebe-ssl-certificate)),

Reviewer: You could link directly to the subsection about the trust store here:
```suggestion
[the Zeebe connection troubleshooting guide](./troubleshoot-zeebe-connection.md#solution-2-provide-the-certificate-to-the-jvm-trust-store)),
```
